Events with older timestamps are not showing on Google end. (#5256)
segmentio/segment-docs: src/connections/destinations/catalog/actions-google-analytics-4/index.md

Google may take [24-48 hours](https://support.google.com/analytics/answer/9333790){:target='_blank'}  to process data sent to Google Analytics. As a result, the Google Analytics user interface may not reflect the most current data. The Google Analytics [Realtime report](https://support.google.com/analytics/answer/9271392){:target="_blank"} displays activity on your site as it happens.

> ## Events with older timestamps are not showing on Google end

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Events with timestamps older than 72 hours are not showing on Google's end
```

> [Google Measurement Protocol API](https://developers.google.com/analytics/devguides/collection/protocol/ga4/reference?client_type=gtag#payload_post_body){:target='_blank'} only accepts events that can be backdated by 72 hours, so GA4 simply won't accept events older than 3 days.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Because [Google's Measurement Protocol API](https://developers.google.com/analytics/devguides/collection/protocol/ga4/reference?client_type=gtag#payload_post_body){:target='_blank'} only accepts events that are backdated by up to 72 hours, GA4 can't accept events older than 72 hours.
```
